hello youtube this is death riser doing
a tutorial on new texture packs this is
good if you're getting tired of the same
old things and makes pigs look like pigs
you know dirt on and other things um for
this you're going to need to go to right
here i'll have the link in the
description below there um what you're
going to do is when you get here go down
to download link and click on clicky
then save the file that i already hit it
and then go to wherever your file is
saved as mines under downloads right
there this is the file that you'll get
you'll need winter off for this and
double click on that should open this up
and you're going to go want to go and
find your minecraft thing which you're
going to go to my computer local disk c
um documents and settings ma your
username mine is Jojo so click on that
applications and data they are usually
hidden so if you want to do it run and
then type in all the way did you get
that um or if you haven't lund hidden
like I do you can just click on it and
then click on dot minecraft and then
after that you're going to want to go to
bin once in bin you'll see this file
right here minecraft expendable jar file
you're going to want to right click that
open with and then winner make sure you
want to be permanently so you can
actually still get into minecraft I
didn't have a problem with that don't
think you will either
and then it's going to bring this up
you're going to bring up the alteration
texturepack open that up and then um
you'll see these they have some shame
you're not going to just grab them all
and put them in there because it doesn't
have all the armors all the items so
what you're going to do is you're going
to go into like the file train and the
alteration texture alternate texture
texture packs arias lime live commentary
can't talk i'm going to go into this and
if you want this you can do it I did not
it's a new Sun makes it look like that
but if you want that you're going to go
into the terrain file click on the Sun
grab it and then go over here and then
put it in the terrain and it should
overwrite this son um oh crap I just
exit out of it sorry about this guy's
you can skip forward a tiny bit
yep
it
Oh
okay sorry about that um but you're
going to do that train move it in here
and then you're going go down a mob they
got new looks for zombies the zombies
look more zombie ish after going in mob
on alternate texture you're going to
highlight them click and drag to mob in
this one and just drop it should
overwrite the files do the same thing
for item GUI and armor for the water
train snow these ones you're just going
to grab them and put them right here it
overwrites the files in here and you'll
have new stuff well that ends the
tutorial this was my first tutorial
please forgive me for any mistakes I did
and thank you for watching